Feat add focus management for toolbar (#30)
github/markdown-toolbar-element: README.md

  <md-task-list>task-list</md-task-list>
  <md-mention>mention</md-mention>
  <md-ref>ref</md-ref>
  <button data-md-button>Custom button</button>
</markdown-toolbar>
<textarea id="textarea_id"></textarea>
```

> Focus management for buttons inside of the toolbar is automatically managed by the toolbar itself. The `md-*` buttons that ship with this package are automatically managed, but custom buttons needs a `data-md-button` attribute added to them, which enrolls them into focus management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<markdown-toolbar>` comes with focus management as advised in [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices 1.1: Toolbar Design Pattern](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/examples/toolbar/toolbar.html). The `md-*` buttons that ship with this package are automatically managed. Add a `data-md-button` attribute to any custom toolbar items to enroll them into focus management.
```
